This is a command_line and TUI program to facilitate the installation, containerization,
and running of a minecraft java edition server. 
Supported commands:
    start: Starts the server
    stop: Stops the server
    ramdisk: With no options, will return whether a the ramdisk folder is being used.
        If given a value it will enable or disable this feature accordingly.
        If not given a value it return whether or not this feature is being used.
        
        IMPORTANT: This feature does not create a ramdisk, to use this properly
        you MUST mount a ramdisk to the server/ramdisk folder, preferably in
        fstab. Not doing this and using the ramdisk feature will cause
        unnecessary wear on your drive with no benefit.
    set-property: Sets a property in the server.properties
        The property is indicated by the first argument
        The value to set it to is indicated bt the second
        Leave the second value blank to retur nthe property
        to its default
    launch-path: Returns the server's launch path (relative to the server folder)
        if given an argument, it will set the launch path to that argument (relative to server folder)
    launch-options: Set the options for launching the server jar, for example "Xmx2G Xms2G".
        Do not add dashes (-) or commas (,). The "jar" option is already managed and should not
        be set here, see launch_path to change that option.
    eula: Use this command to agree or revoke the eula agreement
    get-eula: Returns whether or not you signed the eula
    send: Sends a console command to the server
    status: Returns whether or not the server is running
    install: Installs the server, enter a version as an argument,
        install the latest by entering "release" or "snapshot"
        for the latest server in the corresponding branch,
        or leave empty to launch the tui installer.   
options:
    -h, --help:   Displays this message
    -v --version: Displays the program version
    -q, --quiet:  Suppresses output to stdout
    --mc-version: Displays the minecraft version being used